OKAPI-947 Update documentation, renamedFrom -> replaces, and bump _tenantpermissions version (#1069)
folio-org/okapi: doc/guide.md

refer to the RAML and JSON schemas in the [Reference](#web-service)
section.

### Permissions and the `_tenantPermissions` Interface
As desribed earlier, permissions and permissionSets can be defined in the ModuleDescriptor, but how does mod-permissions learn about them?  The answer is via another system interface: `_tenantPermissions`.  This interface, implemented by mod-permissions, is invoked by OKAPI when a module is enabled for a tenant.  The permissions defined in that module's ModuleDescriptor are furnished, allowing the permissions module to perform the necessary CRUD operations against permission storage.

When mod-permissions is enabled for a tenant, OKAPI will invoke the `_tenantPermissions` API for all modules currently enabled for that tenant.  This is needed to inform the permissions module of any permissions defined in module descriptors enabled for the tenant prior to mod-permissions.

> Note that OKAPI is only responsible for providing the permissions and the corresponding moduleId to the `_tenantPermissions` API.  Determination of the appropriate actions to be taken is the responsibility of the permissions module.   Most of this will happen without explicit or special provisioning in the ModuleDescriptor.  Adding, removing or updating the permissions in the `permissionsSet` proprety is sufficient.  One exception to that is renaming of permissions.   If you wish to rename an existing permission, use the `renamedFrom` property on the permission object, e.g. 

Reviewer: `proprety` is a word foreign speaker of English might not understand. Can you replace it?

Reviewer 2: I think it's just a typo

Author: is "field" better?

Author: yup got it after re-reading :)

```
...
  "permissionSets": [
    {
      "permissionName": "test-basic.collection.get",
      "displayName": "test-basic list records",
      "description": "Get a list of records",

> 	  "renamedFrom": [ "test-basic.get.list", "test-basic.view.list" ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	     "renamedFrom": [ "test-basic.get.list", "test-basic.view.list" ]
```

> 	  "renamedFrom": [ "test-basic.get.list", "test-basic.view.list" ]

Reviewer 2: I wish we called this "replaces" rather than "renamedFrom" but I guess that ship has sailed.

Author: I don't think it's too late if you think this is worth the effort to change

Reviewer 3: `previousNames`, `deprecatedNames`?

Reviewer 4: The term replaces was used for module renaming too. I prefer that

Author: Any objections to using this same PR to handle this small code change?  I will adjust the PR description accordingly

    }, 
...
```

> Assuming `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic-view.list` were defined in an versions of the ModuleDescriptor, this would result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic-view.list` were defined in an earlier version of the ModuleDescriptor, this would result in:
```

Author: used previous as suggested in another comment.

> Assuming `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic-view.list` were defined in an versions of the ModuleDescriptor, this would result in:

Reviewer 2: Minor: replace "an" with "previous" or nothing.

1. `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic.view.list` being deprecated.
1. A new permission `test-basic.collection.get` being created.
1. Update any permission assignments so that any users that were granted  `test-basic.get.list` or `test-basic.view.list` are automatically granted `test-basic.collection.get`
1. Update any `childOf`/`subPermission` relationships.  `test-basic.collection.get` would be added to any permission's `childOf` or `subPermissions` fields which contain `test-basic.get.list` or `test-basic.view.list`

See [Migration of Static Permissions Upon Upgrade](https://wiki.folio.org/display/DD/Migration+of+Static+Permissions+Upon+Upgrade "Migration of Static Permissions Upon Upgrade") and the [Permissions API Definition](https://github.com/folio-org/mod-permissions/blob/master/ramls/permissions.raml) for additional details of how this is handled by the permissions module.

> 

Reviewer 4: You could also have a link the tenantPermissions RAML as well : https://github.com/folio-org/mod-permissions/blob/master/ramls/tenantPermissions.raml

When mod-permissions is enabled for a tenant, OKAPI will invoke the `_tenantPermissions` API for all modules currently enabled for that tenant.  This is needed to inform the permissions module of any permissions defined in module descriptors enabled for the tenant prior to mod-permissions.

Note that OKAPI is only responsible for providing the permissions and the corresponding moduleId to the `_tenantPermissions` API.  Determination of the appropriate actions to be taken is the responsibility of the permissions module.   Most of this will happen without explicit or special provisioning in the ModuleDescriptor.  Adding, removing or updating the permissions in the `permissionsSet` property is sufficient.  One exception to that is renaming of permissions.   If you wish to rename an existing permission, use the `renamedFrom` property on the permission object, e.g. 

> ```

Reviewer 4: replaces here

...
  "permissionSets": [
    {
      "permissionName": "test-basic.collection.get",
      "displayName": "test-basic list records",
      "description": "Get a list of records",

> 	    "renamedFrom": [ "test-basic.get.list", "test-basic.view.list" ]

Reviewer 3: Inconsistent indent

Author: I thought I fixed that... 🤔

    }, 

> ...

Reviewer 4: and here in the example

```
Assuming `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic-view.list` were defined in previous versions of the ModuleDescriptor, this would result in:

> 1. `test-basic.get.list` and `test-basic.view.list` being deprecated.

Reviewer 3: Should we mention the display name change with prefix, `(Deprecated)`?

Author: IDK it's a grey line between what belongs here and what belongs in mod-permissions documentation
